We were talking about
about like you? Like you and me.
Like you and me...
I think, cooking at home, home.
Um...
Oh...
Aaahh...
Oh, nice.
I see.
Oh, I think...
Yeah.
Huh?
wait...
Yeah, yeah, I think so. I think so. Yeah....
I was three...
I think, I remember a little bit of something.
I was tiny. No, no.
No. no...
Yeah, he wasn't born yet. Oh...
Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.
Uh, uh, uh, uh...
Uh...
Okay so... Oh....
Uh-huh... Uh-huh.
Oh.
Uh-huh.
Oh my goodness.
Oh...
Yeah. Yeah...
Oh my goodness.
Oh. I see. I see. Yeah...
Let's go barbecue at the beach. Or the park.
Oh... I think. Overall, usually...
Eat at home or out. Going back to...
But eating like at home versus outside.
You eat out more. Oh...
Oh, two or three times a week? Oh...
and then...
Oh, I see. I see.
Yeah. Oh...
mmh
Oh.
Really? Decaf?...
Cafeteria... Oh...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh...
Oh... Oh, I see.
Oh... that's sweet....
Oh...
It's not. It's not. It's not exactly edible.
Oh... I see.
Oh.
No.... no. Maybe like...
two three times a month when it's like
were we eat a lot but in at home. Yeah...
Ooh!